
Hi.

In this video.

I will explain to you about.

How our Laundry Management System actually works.

This System Mainly Consist of the following modules.

one. Retail Booking Module.

two. Commercial Booking Module.

three. Payment Reports.

four. Sales Reports.

and finally five. Profit and Loss.


Okay , Now Let's straightly , dive-in . to our Administrator Panel , to understand this system , in detail.

After successful login , into our Administrator Panel . 
The very first screen , that gets loaded , is the admin dashboard screen .

In the Admin Dashboard Screen. 
The First Half Screen , shows you the details of current retail order stages.
And In the Second Half Screen . You will find some Graphical  representations.
In The very first row . you will get retail booking , daily and monthly revenue details. 
Where as in the second and third row , you can find , Commercial Bookings , daily and monthly revenue details.
Okay, That was all about the dashboard screen.

Now lets navigate and understand our next screen , that is, Zones.
 
In Retail Booking , We are segregating customer orders , based on their Zones.
For Suppose, for a while , Let's assume , You are running a laundry business at Hyderabad.
A big City Like Hyderabad , Has many areas , so the pick-up and delivery process , becomes tedious and even time consuming.
So In this software , we are dividing areas based on zones. 
While Adding a particular area , you need to give an area name and assign a sorting number to it.
Sorting number is given based on google route map,Which ever area comes first in that zone ,is assigned sorting numbers as 1, and next as 2 and so on.
Assigning a sorting number helps the pick-up van to pick-up and deliver orders in a systematic manner.
This makes the delivery process fast and efficient.
So, this was about the zones.

Now, Lets move to Retail Booking Loads Menu.

Load is nothing but a system generated alpha numeric name , that is assigned to daily morning and evening slots.
1. Morning Slot which starts daily from 6 PM to 12.55 AM.
2. Evening Slot Which starts daily from 1 PM to 5.59 PM.

For suppose , if a customer places an order today at 3pm , then he will be allocated to slot 2.
  
Okay, Now lets move to the next menu Cloth Types.

In this module, you can add cloth names and there respective prices under a category like men,women,house hold etc.
Here, we have a service type dropdown , where you can differentiate  













Okay, Now Let's Get Started with our very first module. that is. the Retail Booking.

In Retail Booking, our retail customers. can place orders. using 3 different ways. 

one. through website. 
two. through Mobile App.
three. by calling Tollfree.



